docs: resources utilities PTL-1698 (#2012)
genesiscommunitysuccess/docs: docs/001_develop/03_client-capabilities/014_utility-methods/10_resource-util.mdx

---
title: 'Resource utilities'
sidebar_label: 'Resource utilities'
id: resource-util
keywords: [utils, utility, resource, local, remote, management, data]
tags:
  - utils
  - utility
  - resource
  - local
  - remote
  - management
  - data
---

> This facilitates the classification of resources into two distinct types: local and remote. This distinction is essential for handling resources differently based on their origin, enhancing the flexibility and robustness of resource management within your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource utilities facilitate the classification of resources into two distinct types: local and remote. This distinction is essential for handling resources differently based on their origin. It can be used to enhance the flexibility and robustness of resource management within your application.
```

Just breaking up this into shorter sentences
